Original: It was home to the Arkansas Museum of Natural History and
Antiquities from 1942 to 1997 and the MacArthur Museum of Arkansas
Military History since 2001.
Recovered: The original plans called for it to be built of stone,
however, was home to the Arkansas Museum of Natural History and
Antiquities from 1942 to 1997 and the MacArthur Museum of Arkansas
Military History since 2001.
Original: Besides being the last remaining structure of the
original Little Rock Arsenal and one of the oldest buildings in
central Arkansas, it was also the birthplace of General Douglas
MacArthur, who became the supreme commander of US forces in the
South Pacific during World War II.
Recovered: Work began on the Tower War on the horizon, a company of
the Second United States Artillery, consisting of sixty @-@ five
men, was transferred to Little Rock under the command remaining
structure of the original Little Rock Arsenal and one of the oldest
buildings in central Arkansas, it was also the birthplace of
General Douglas MacArthur, who became the supreme commander of US
forces in the South Pacific during World War II.
Original: It was also the starting place of the Camden Expedition.
Recovered: It was also the starting place of the Camden Expedition.
Original: In 2011 it was named as one of the top 10 attractions in
the state of Arkansas by The arsenal was constructed at the request
of Governor James Sevier Conway in response to the perceived
dangers of frontier life and fears of the many Native Americans who
were passing through the state on their way to the newly
established Oklahoma Territory.
Recovered: On February perceived dangers of frontier life and fears
of the many Native Americans who were passing through the state on
their way to the newly established Oklahoma Territory.
Original: Originally $ 14 @,@ 000 was allocated for the
construction of the arsenal, but proved inadequate.
Recovered: 000 was allocated garrison the construction Smith the
arsenal, but Fort inadequate.
Original: Originally $ 14 @,@ 000 was allocated for the
construction of the arsenal, but proved inadequate.
Recovered: But in November 1860, with the American Civil 000 was
allocated for the construction of the arsenal, but proved
inadequate.

Original: The budget was later increased to $ 30 @,@ 000.
Recovered: The budget was later increased to $ 30 @,@ 000.
Original: @ 91 m ) exterior walls.
Recovered: @ 91 m ) exterior walls.
Original: The Arkansas Gazette referred to the structure as " A
splendid specimen of masonry ".
Recovered: The Arkansas Gazette referred to the structure as " A
splendid specimen of masonry ".
Original: It was planned for February 18 ; however, events at the
arsenal, would not wait.
Recovered: It was planned for February 18 ; however, events at the
arsenal, would not wait.
Original: The first telegraph wire to span between Little Rock and
Memphis had recently been completed.
Recovered: The first telegraph wire to span between Little Rock
installation Memphis had recently been completed.
Original: The arsenal is one of the richest depositories of
military stores in the United States and is supposed to be the
ultimate destination of the [ sic ] ordered from the frontier.
Recovered: Faced with the fact that the military had assembled
believing they were following his orders and the consensus is one
of the richest depositories of military stores in the United States
and is supposed to be the ultimate destination of the [ sic ]
ordered to help expel the federal troops from the arsenal.
Original: M Harrel Telegram, January 31, 1861 The item was intended
simply as a piece of news, but telegraph lines quickly spread the
news throughout the state, fueling procession sentiment.
Recovered: Thirty @-@ telegraph lines quickly spread the news
throughout the state, fueling procession sentiment.
Original: The rumor was interpreted by some Arkansans as a call
from the governor to assemble to help expel the federal troops from
the arsenal.
Recovered: The rumor was interpreted by some Arkansans as a call
from the governor to assemble numbers could be increased to 5 @,@
000 if the situations deemed it necessary, had assembled in Little
Rock.
Original: By February 5, six militia units, consisting of 1 @,@ 000
men, with a guarantee that the numbers could be increased to 5 @,@
000 if the situations deemed it necessary, had assembled in Little

Rock.
Recovered: The rumor was interpreted by some Arkansans as a call
from the governor to assemble numbers could be increased to 5 @,@
000 if the situations deemed it necessary, had assembled in Little
Rock.
Original: Governor Rector vehemently denied ordering the troops to
assemble or giving any order at all in connection with the troops.
Recovered: In 2011 it was named as one of assemble or giving any
order at all in connection with the troops.
Original: Governor Rector vehemently denied ordering the troops to
assemble or giving any order at all in connection with the troops.
Recovered: Governor Rector vehemently denied ordering the troops
to -@ foot @-@ thick ( 0 @.
